💡 Add PennyLane reference (#324)
cda-tum/mqt-bench: README.md

**Detailed documentation and examples are available at [ReadTheDocs](https://mqt.readthedocs.io/projects/bench).**

> ## Available as a PennyLane Data Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Availability as a PennyLane Dataset
```

> MQT Bench is also available as a [Pennylane data set](https://pennylane.ai/datasets/other/mqtbench).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MQT Bench is also available as a [Pennylane dataset](https://pennylane.ai/datasets/other/mqtbench).
```
